you know jay is not worried
about making a big deal about
his birthday but I get over cake
anyway
alright so anyway except will
you know make fun of them a
little bit before getting to be
an old man like me
look the last few weeks I look
really turned around and now
we're back at the top of the
fleet
how do you write happy birthday
and shut-in hbd ok perfect but
hopefully it tastes better than
it looks
without the crow I get catch
fish
I'm nothing more than a
glorified two-bit half-wit to a
bus driver
Joe and I baked you a cake while
you were asleep it you really
probably really take it but it
is important to show my
appreciation but you don't want
to be used to it
o HB DJ happy for you cut the
gate do dig in
they can make the biggest mess
they want heck they're the ones
are gonna clean it up anyway
it's only the captain who gets
to have his cake and eat it too